A simple search in a search engine such as Google for Siska possible recovery will show you documents
such as the following which give you step by step instructions for recovering passwords from various
devices.
Here's an example for the Cisco twenty nine hundred integrated services Rodda documents such as the
following.
We'll show you a step by step procedure for recovering the passwords.
So for example either switch off or shut down the router.
Remove the Compact Flash that is on the back of the router.
Here's an example of a twenty nine fifty one you can get more information about the backpedals slots
and connectors on the various routers once again from Cisco's Web site says an example shown here on
a 29 01 where the compact flashes the 0 and 1 and that'll continue for various routers of different
descriptions.
So as an example for a 29:11 the Compact Flash is found here and here you need to remove the Compact
Flash as an example and then switch on the router once the rot is in from Mon mode reinsert the Compact
Flash and then type rage is 0 x 2 1 4 2 at the Roman prompt.
Now as part of this course you'll have access to the config of register software.
This allows you to see various options for the configuration register as an example if you set it to
2 1 4 2 as shown on the Cisco Web site that shows you that it ignores nv ram contents but six is certain.
In other words the third hexadecimal value.
And if you remember a hex values for binary bits.
But but six is set on.
Which means ignore nv ram contents.
So the router will boot up but it will ignore any saved configuration.
You type reset to reboot the router so the Rotto will now reboot but ignore the saved configuration.
You need to type.
No or Control-C to skip the initial set up procedure then type enable at the root prompt and then type
config memory or copy startup config to running config and then you could change the password by typing
configure terminal enable secret and whatever password you want to configure.
You will need to know shut any interfaces that you want to use when the router boots.
All interfaces will be in the down state.
When you copy a config from startup to running config so you need to manually shut them.
You should then use the config register command to set it back to the default register.
So config register is 0 x 2 1 0 2 as an example.
And then you need to save your config.
This document is great Shoji the full examples of what you're going to be doing rather than doing it
that way.
I'm going to simply demonstrate this.